 
 
 
 
July 26 , 202 5 
 
 Compliance Department,  
 BSE Limited  
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,  
 Dalal Street, Fort,  
 Mumbai - 400 001  Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G -Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra - (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
 Scrip Code: - 539889  NSE Symbol: - PARAGMILK  
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
  
Sub:  Transcript o f earnings conference call  under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
In continuation to our letter dated July 17 , 2025 and  pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith  the transcript of the earnings conference call held on Tuesday , July 22, 2025  
for discussion on the financial and operational performance for quarter ended June 30 , 2025 . 
 
The aforementioned transcript  has been uploaded on the Company’s website 
www.paragmilkfoods.com . 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record s. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
For Parag Milk Foods Limited  
 
 
Virendra Varma  
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer  
FCS No: 10520  Page 1 of 19 
  
 
“Parag Milk Foods Limited  
Q1FY26 Earnings Conference Call ” 
July 22, 202 5 
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT :  
 MS. AKSHALI SHAH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – PARAG 
MILK FOODS LIMITED  
 MR. RAHUL KUMAR SRIVASTAVA – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – PARAG MILK FOODS LIMITED  
 MR. ANKIT JAIN – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER– PARAG 
MILK FOODS LIMITED  
  
 
 
  Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator:  Ladies and gentlemen, good day and wel come to the Parag Milk Foods Limited  Q1 FY26 
Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operato r by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the confe rence over to Mr. Brian D'Penha , Head of Investor  Relations, Parag Milk 
Foods Limited . Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Brian D' Penha:  Thank you. Good day and good evening to everyone who have joined this call from various 
geographies and all those who joined us from Mumbai. We have with us today from the 
Management, Ms. Akshali Shah , our Executive Director, Mr. Rahul Kumar Srivastava , our 
COO, Mr. Ankit Jain, who is the Chief Strategy Officer  and myself Brian D'Penha , Head of 
Investor Relations.  
I would now like to hand over the mic to our Executive Director, Ms. Akshali Shah to take this 
forward.  
Akshali Shah:  Good evening everyone. I t's a pleasure to welcome you all to the Q1 FY26 earnin gs call for 
Parag Milk Foods Limited . I hope you and your families are doing well. We are delighted to 
share that Q1 FY26 has set a strong and promising tone for the year ahead.  We delivered our 
highest ev er first quarter revenue of INR  852 crores, reflecting a 12% Y -o-Y growth backed by 
consistent execution of our focus strategic priority.  
This growth was driven by robust volume expansion across our core categories that is cheese, 
ghee and paneer, which grew by 9% in volume and 14% in value.  These categories now 
contribute to 57% of our total revenue, affirming their strength in our portfolio. We continue to 
retain leadership position with Gowardhan ghee  commanding 22% market share in branded cow -
ghee segment and Go cheese holds 35% market share in the cheese category.  
We have witnessed a strong operational execution despite of challenging macro factors.  Average  
milk price increased by 18% Y -o-Y to INR 37 per litre, yet we were able to sustain margins and 
deliver 6% EBITDA growth. With a margin of 7.7%, our average milk procurement has now 
reached to 16.5 lakh litres per day, marking a 10% increase over the last quarter.  
This demonstrates the strength of our procurement network and our deep connect with the farmer  
community. Our gross profit margins improved sequentially from 25.1% in Q4 FY25 to 27.4% 
in Q1 FY26. This was aided by improvement in product mix and the ability of ou r premium 
branding to command  pricing power.  
The standout of this quarter is contribution of our new age business.  So the quarter, the new age 
business now contributes to around 9% of our total revenue over last year which was 6%. Both 
the brands Avvatar and Pride of Cows  have ex hibited robust growth of 57% Y -o-Y, reinforcing 
the consumer demand for good quality products.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Parag Milk Foods steadily evolved from a dairy led enterprise into a diverse FMCG company 
and now we are heading towards health and nutrition segment.  This move was driven by our 
foresight into India ’s shifting dietary patterns with protein becoming a key component in 
everyday nutrition.  
The Indian sports nutrition Whey protein market is expanding. Currently it's valued at INR 1,600 
crores and it's growing by 30% CAGR. Despite being cluttered with international brands, the 
market still lacks transparency and localized innovation. This is where Avvatar India, our home 
grown 100% vegetarian farm to shake r whey  protein brand has carved its niche.  
The milk is directly sourced by us and processed at our state of art integrated facility.  Avvatar 
brings unmatched quality and traceabil ity. In just a few years, Avvatar  has scaled eight t imes 
over the last three Q1s, establishing itself as one of the top players in the Indian sports nutrition 
space.  
With a robust 360 degree marketing engine and a modern multi -channel distribution strategy, 
we are present across from our own website, quick commerce, e -commerce, organized trades.  
Avvatar is gaining a rapid consumer trust and innovations like protein wafer bar is expanding 
our footprints into functional snacking, providing the brand's adaptability. As Parag Milk F oods 
continues to strengthen the presence in nutrition, Av vatar stands as a shining e xample of how 
we can lead India’s  protein revolution and unlock the significant future growth.  
Our second business in the new age business that is Pride of Cows has reported a 36% value 
growth driven by new product launches such as Greek yogurt with eight grams of protein and 
low fat high protein paneer and deeper penetration through quick commerce platform.  
Pride of Cows launched a destructive brand campaign titled as ‘what is the source ?’ to spark a 
critical conversation around the origin and authenticity of everyday products, especially milk. 
The campaign aims to educate consumers on the importance of choosing safe, clean and 
traceability source, highlighting our single origin farm -owned model as a mark of purity and 
trust.  
To amplify the message, we adopted a 360 degree integrated marketing approach.  Print media, 
where we took over the front page of Times of India, key city supplements such as Bombay 
Times, Delhi Times and Bangalore Times and even regional dailies like Sandesh and  Gujarat 
Samachar .  
Digital campaigns engaging diverse and credible influencers across the industry like fashion, 
sports, journalism who resonate with the theme of what is the source. So when it comes to news 
and you check the source, so we got Faye D'Souza  who is an award -winning journalist, a popular 
cricket commenter Jatin Sapru, F ounder of Curly Tales Kamiya Jani and influential podcas ter 
and entrepreneur Raj Shamani.  
 This campaign not only strengthened  our brand recall and the trust, but also reinforced Pride of 
Cows ’ unique positioning as premium single origin dairy brand in highly common market. Our   Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
other brand building initiatives remain robust and sharply focused through a 360 degree 
marketing approach.  
We engaged with diverse consumer segments via traditional media or digital campaigns and 
influencer collaborations.  Just to highlight a few, we were present on the Zee Cine  Awards and 
we also did an integration  with Maharashtrachi Hasyaj atra.  
As we approach the festive season, we are well prepared with a diverse portfolio of value -added 
products including ghee ,now for ayed into traditional sweets, cheese to meet the seasonal 
demand.  Our vision remains clear to transit from a dairy company into holistic  FMCG and now 
into health and  nutrition. With a strong foundation in place, we are confident of sustained 
profitable growth while continue to deliver value of our stakeholders and nourishing life across 
India and beyond.  
Thank you so much for your continued trust and support.  Over to Brian to take this forward.  
Brian D' Penha:  Thanks Akshali . We'll just wait for a couple of few seconds for the question s queue to line up.  
Moderator:  Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first qu estion 
comes from the line of Param Vora from Trinetra Asset Managers . Please go ahead.  
Param Vora:  Hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. What I would like to as k is can you elaborate 
on your W hey protein and sports nutrition strategy?  So are you planning any international 
partnerships or D2C brand expansions in this space?  
Akshali Shah:  Sorry, your voice was a little foggy. Can you repeat the question?  
Param Vora:  Okay, am I audible right now?  
Akshali Shah:  Yes, it’s better.  
Param Vora:  Okay, so what I wanted to ask you is can you elaborate on your Whey protein and sports nutrition 
strategy? So are you planning any international partnerships or D2C brand expansions in this 
space?  
Akshali Shah:  Hi, Param. So if you know our Whey protein is probably one of the fastest growing category 
that we have and we in fact have tailor made and created a Whey protein which is  Avvatar  and 
did a lot of research for almost five to six years on developing a product and we did a collab 
with an international scientist to get us the right product formula.  
Going forward, we are now for ayed into a protein snack functional c ategory where we have 
launched W hey protein bar and we're soon going to expand into products which are similar to 
that. We'll have newer flavors and into a snacking category of p rotein. So that's the plan for 
Whey protein moving forward.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
We're already a B2C brand because 75 % to 80 % of our protein business comes from our website 
and Quick com and Ecom websites and 20 % of it comes from the traditional platform.  
Param Vora:  Okay, understood and what I wanted to ask was are you planning any int ernational partnerships 
with other  brand s so that you can you know maximize your reach and increase your exports?  
Ankit Jain:  So as o f now this brand is catered to -- hi this is An kit here, I'm just adding this. T his brand is 
catering to Indian markets only. We know India being a protein deficient  market . So we worked 
upon it as Akshali mentioned in her  opening remarks. We have worked consciously to solve the 
problem for the protein deficiency for the country  in India itself the Whey protein is imported.  
Most of it is an imported one and that is where the problem lied where you didn't know the 
source. There was a lot of adulteration in the market and from all considering all this problem I 
think the solution came o ut was Av vatar and this is what you see as Av vatar now.  
Akshali Shah:  Just to add to that Param t hat we are the pioneers and the o nly Whey protein manufacturers of 
sports nutr ition in India. So from scratch, from sourcing of milk to making cheese and drying of 
protein everything is done at our facility and which we say that we do not need any international 
collaboration to take this forward because we have everything in house.  
Plus you are talking about exports, the Indian market is growing at almost 30%, 35% CAGR and 
we see a great potential here in India.  So we continue to grow this brand in India itself.  
Param Vora:  Okay, understood. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Our next question comes from the line of Kiran D from  Table Tree Capital . Please go ahead.  
Kiran D:  Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. I have two clarifying questions.  
Moderator:  Kiran sir, sorry to interrupt. You are sounding very low. If you can just increase the volume or 
if you can use the handset please.  
Kiran D:  Okay, perfect. I had two clarifying questi ons. So just on core categories, we are at INR487 crore s 
this quarter.  I don't have an equivalent number of Q1 FY25 because the company's presentation 
didn't have it. But if I look at Q3 onwards from where you started reporting core category, liquid 
milk and all that stuff.  
So core categories was a INR530 crore s revenue business.  Now in Q1 it is INR487 crore s. I am 
sure we have taken pricing actions, we have increased distribution, we have increased 
advertising. So what amount of seasonality should we kind of consi der because this is actually 
degrown like INR530 crore s in Q3 to INR487 crore s in Q1?  
Ankit Jain : Yes, I would like to clarify.   
Akshali Shah:  Can you see this slide number? I don't know if you have the presentation open. We have this 
Slide Number 8 where we have given you the previous year breakup as well of core categories.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Ankit Jain:  I would like to clarify here. Till last year we were reporting value -added products which was an 
addition of overall portfolio. So we have classified core categories as ghee, cheese, paneer 
separately.  And we have given the breakup for all the last Q1 s for the past four quarter ones. 
And similarly for the last five years in the similar slide in the investor presentation itself.  
So overall 56% was the composition of the overall turnover for core categories last year Q1 
which is up 14% and hence the turnover composition now is 57%.  We have mentioned the 
growth as well. It is 14% growth, value growth over the previous year.  
Kiran D:  Got it. So there is immense amount of seasonality, sir. So that is the point I wanted to understand.  
Is it Q3, Q4 highest in core categories and Q1, Q2 is lower?  
Ankit Jain:  Q3, Q4. See overall we cannot compare. You are looking at season of course.  During festive, 
during winter, there is definitely a product mix which plays. But core categories is something 
which has been at 57% for the year as a whole last year also. So the core remains core.  It has 
remained at 57% of last year versus same as current year Q1 FY26.  
Kiran D:  Got it. That is helpful, sir. So my second clarifying question, you have had good growth in new 
age business. My only request is at least if you could give us a percentage  split between avatar 
and non -Avvatar. Again, I am not looking for P ride of Cows and other new age business 
products. But just Avvatar because there is an immense focus on Avvatar just like you gave it in 
the initial commentary and the last question as well. Immense focus on Avvatar. 
What is the percentage, s hould we assume a 50 -50 percentage split between Avvatar and non -
Avvatar within the new age business? Is that a fair assumption?  
Ankit Jain:  I am sorry. I would like to differ over here. See the way we gave our core categories where we 
combined ghee, cheese and paneer, same way we have created a new age business which is right 
now Avvatar and P ride of Cows and tomorrow there could be addition to this business stream.   
So we are focusing new age business. It is a strong premium business. Both are on high gross 
margin EBITDA margin and hence we have combined this category which we are focusing as a 
new age business which is more of a premium business.  So we are not giving a split between the 
revenue for the both. However, we have given the growth numbers. Av vatar has grown 8x over 
the past three  quarters, past 3 Q1s if you look at and Pride of Cows has grown 36% Y -o-Y. 
Kiran D:  Sure sir. Okay. Thank you so much.  
Ankit Jain:  Yes, we just wanted to clarify. We are focusing on both. So there is an equal focus on both and 
hence we do not get into splitting the numbers and in fact there will be additional premium 
products which are going to come and which will get into this new age b usiness as we move 
along.  
Kiran D:  Yes, so the only reason sir, again just to clarify my question. The Whey protein business or the 
protein business per se, there are many private players who are getting a lot of good valuations.   Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
So our business, given the market cap and where it is, it would be really helpful, again something 
for the management to think about.   
If you could split Avvatar and non -Avvatar. Again, I am not asking for Pride of Cows and other 
premium category business splits. But Avvatar and non -Avvatar would give a very helpful 
insight to the investors as well in terms of where are, how are Avvatar businesses growing and 
what kind of valuation can be ascribed to this Avvatar business?  
Ankit Jain:  See, again as I mentioned, we are not looking at one brand, Avvatar and P ride of Cows. Both 
are core to the heart or  close to the heart. So both these brands are growing phenomenally and 
hence you see an overall evolution in the percentage contribution.  However, we have given   you 
an indication we have given the growth numbers in terms of how both brands are performing. 
And overall n ew age business has grown 57% Y -o-Y. Again, that combined number has also 
been provided.  So I hope that suffices.  
Kiran D:  Got it. Okay. All the best.  Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Resham Mehta from Green Edge Wealth. 
Please go ahead.  
Resham Mehta:  Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So the first question is if you could just talk about t he unit 
economics of the cow from your BhagyaLakshmi Farm . Typically, let's say what would be the 
per cow cost , at the time of purchase what would be the lifetime value of the cow, like how 
many, what would be the yield, potential revenues over the lifetime of the cow?  
What is the typical lifetime of the cow? And then typically, then what is the residual value of 
the cow? And a related question would be that on your balance sheet, there are biological assets.  
So how exactly is the accounting treatment for that?  
Rahul Kumar Srivas tava: Good evening. A s far as cow is concerned, we don't buy any cows. It's our own generation, since 
last 15 years. So we don't have to buy any cows.  We have about 4,500 cows and then with the 
natural birth and all, then we are adding our stocks. So just to clarify that there is no buying of 
the cows in our system. As far as accounting is concerned, I think Ankit can elaborate.  
Akshali Shah:  Yes, so I think the question was on the yield and the cycle.  
Rahul Kumar Srivasta va: Yes. So we have  our own specific needs. So one is that very important for getting the yield.  And 
second is the feeding. So feeding, for feeding we have our own crops, which are converting to 
silage, which gives a better quality of milk with a better yield per cow. So just to give you the 
indication that if you the same cow it is in with the farmer s, they give out 8 to 10 litres of milk, 
but in our farm, the average yield goes to 26 litres.  
So almost three times. So that is that is one with a better protein and fat cont ent. So this is also 
result of the better feed and management.  And as a cycle, the cow can give birth for 8 to 10 times 
in the life cycle. It can go up to 14 also, but average 8 to 10 times. So after that the cow becomes 
dry.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Ankit Jain : So I'll answer the question on the accounting treatment. Resham, right? So hi, Resham. So th e 
accounting is done as per Ind  AS 41. So as per Ind  AS 41, all the biological assets are measured 
at, of course, the initial recognition is done at a fair value, less cost to sell. So there is a separate 
accounting standard which applies to it. And as on the balance sheet date of March 25, the overall 
cow val uation was INR 87.6 crores in the balance sheet.  
Resham Mehta : So, just trying to understand that, what would be like the potential revenue from the cow over 
its lifetime a nd what would be the cost that you would kind of incur from a feed and maintenance 
standpoint? And also at the end of the life cycle, you'll sell the cows and if yes, like typically, 
what is the value that one cow yields?  
Ankit Jain:  10 to 12 times, there is a cycle which runs for a cow. Typically, what happens is we have the 
cows for 5 to 7 cycles and then we sell the cow.  So the cow is generally  sold to our farmer 
connects because we have a strong farmer connect. So we sell it to the farmers.  
Akshali Shah:  So even the next generation for them and the yield that they achieve from that is far superior 
because these are our farmers which we have from our connect. And eventually, perhaps, 
benefits out of this.  
Resham Mehta:  And what is the value that you know, at the end of  the cycle that the cow yields l ike one cow on 
an average?  
Ankit Jain:  See, again, because the cow has a life cycle, the assets is valued considering the revenue 
potential, etc. But however when we sell in the market, because all the cycle, all the milking 
cycles are not exhausted. So typically, it ranges.  Of course, we can sell between 1 lakh to 1.5 
lakhs after the 5 to 7 cycles.  
Resham Mehta:  And then what does that reflect in your other income?  
Ankit Jain:  Yes, it is -- if there is a profit on sale, then it, of course, reflects in other income or if there is a 
loss on sale, it gets part of the other expense.  
Resham Mehta:  And typically, your other income in the past few years has been in that range of INR30 crores, 
INR40 crores.  So that is in lieu of this sale of cows or is there some other element to it?  
Ankit Jain:  No, there will be other elements to it as well. Because typically, the cow valuation, for example, 
I'll take a last year example. Last year, total cow valuation was about INR 13 odd crores for the 
year as a whole.  
Resham Mehta:  Okay. And would it be possible to give some rough sense of your cheese revenue between B2B 
and B2C?  
Ankit Jain:  See, cheese as a business, we have not given a specific split. Our core category comprises 57%. 
However, we have given a separate split in terms of the B2B and B2C business of the overall 
business as a whole, whereby 65% is the B2C business and almost 35% of the business is the 
B2B business.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Resham Mehta:  But would it be fair to say that B2B cheese wo uld be like 70% or thereabouts o r perhaps more 
or less?  
Ankit Jain:  We would not like to share those specific details.  
Resham Mehta:  No problem. And lastly, you know, on the...  
Moderator:  Resham ma’am may we request you to return to the question queue for follow -up questions, 
please? As there are several other participants waiting for their turn.  
Resham Mehta:  Sure, thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Bharat Gupta:  Hi, sorry to correct . It's Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. A couple of questions from my 
side. So first, can you provide some breakup  of revenues in terms of the regional split  like what 
will be the contribution coming in from the North, South, East and West? 
Akshali Shah:  So to give you a regional break -up will be very di fficult because we have around five to six 
route -to-markets which are indifferent in nature. So to tell you specifically from how much of it 
is coming from which region would be very difficult to give this break -up. And plus, it's very 
different for each busi ness category versus if you check the new -age business versus your fre sh 
milk, which is very South and West -centric to Gowardhan  and Go cheese, which are very, very 
different in nature. So we do not share break -up of region -wise.  
Bharat Gupta:  But any market share which you can highlight with respect to any of the territories which you 
are catering to?  
Akshali Shah:  We've already shared that we have around 22% market share in the branded cow -ghee segment 
and 35% market share in cheese.  
Bharat Gupta:  That is, I think, on the pan -India basis. But with respect to Western marke t or with respect to 
Northern, so what will be the contribution from the core categories, I'm just asking with respect 
to the market share?  
Ankit Jain:  With respect to the market share?  
Bharat Gupta:  Right.  
Ankit Jain:  See market share with respect to core category, we have given, of course, we s ubscribe for the 
core category a s market share only and thereby while w e have a full dairy report from IMARC, 
but we report branded cow -ghee segment separately for the flagship brand Gowardhan  for our 
ghee product and for cheese also we report 35% market share based on the IMARC report.  I 
think that report will be available, maybe you can source it from IMARC, definitely.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Bharat Gupta:  Secondly, with respect to the RM prices, I think the milk prices have gone up by odd 18%, as 
you mentioned in your press release. So what kind of pricing hikes have we already taken? And 
going forward how do you see the RM prices trend to play out in the foreseeable future, given 
out a strong monsoon season this time?  
Ankit Jain:  See, while as you rightl y pointed out, there is a 18% Y -o-Y increase in the RM prices. And so 
with this commodity push, we have been able to maintain the gross margins, which  is almost at 
flat Y -o-Y. This only demonstrates, of course, there are two parameters about it.  Of course, our 
ability to command pricing power in the market and pass on the price increase as well as the 
product mix, which has improved and we have been able to balance with the gross margin.  
So I think both these parameters have worked together to help us maintain our gross margins. 
Versus sequentially, while the milk prices are 2% up sequentially, but we have been able to 
improve our gross margin largely due to product mix.  
Bharat Gupta:  And any further hike which you are taking?  
Moderator:  I am sorry to interrupt sir. Maybe request you to return to the question queue for follow up 
question, please.  
Bharat Gupta:  Sure.  
Moderator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ankush Agarwal:  Hi, thank you for taking my question. So my first question is about gross margins. So if I look 
at your listed peers, most of the dairy companies have a gross margin anywhere between 25 % 
to 30%, like high 20s. Whereas we if we look at us, our product mix i s mostly on the value added 
wherein  75% of businesses value add versus 25 % being liquid milk or bulk S&P, b ut still our 
gross margins are in the similar range of high 20s.  
So I'm just trying to understand why so, because our value added is like  75% versus 25% for 
other peers?  
Ankit Jain:  So, see, while you are comparing versus the listed players, please note that the listed players, 
there is no direct comparison because most of the listed players are region based players. And 
they are largely selling milk and curd that to specific geograph ies, limited geographies as well 
as largely into ice creams.  
So if we were to  see, there's no direct competition when it co mes to ghee or a cheese or the W hey 
protein kind of products.  While your observation is looking at all the financials, but please 
understand that when we have a Pan India network for these kind of products, there is an 
investment behind each of the brand, which goes which is the pricing, which is  about the margin 
to operate at, so that we can penetrate into the category.  
It could be even if you can take example of A vvatar. W e have been able to grow phenomenally 
well, we have been able to price it right, because there is a competition across that category as   Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
well. So we have invested that and more so as a n investment , you can say, a market penetration 
strategy to have it.   
So we have been able to maintain certain gross margins. Typically, our gross margin profiles 
have improved over the past three years that you would have seen. And naturally, the natural 
progression will be to further increase as we move forward.  So we look forward to increase as 
the product portfolio expands for the newer business. But there is no direct comparison. That's 
what I wanted to highlight.  
Ankush Agarwal:  No, I get it. I think the comparison was because our working capital cycle is very different from 
our peers, which is understandable because we have a much higher value added share. But at the 
same time, the gross margin is not compensated in terms of high er gross margins.  Then 
obviously the ROC either way is much lower. But I got your point.  
The second question was around debt and the interest cost.  If I see last two years, our debt is 
fairly stable at around INR 600 crores, but our interest cost on the P&L has gone up from say 
about INR 55 crores to almost INR 90 crores. So I'm trying to u nderstand why that is happening?  
Ankit Jain:  Sorry, sorry, your question, I could not follow your question.  
Ankush Agarwal:  So your debt over the last two years is broadly stable at around INR 600 odd crores. But the 
interest cost on the P&L has jumped from INR 55 crores in FY2 3 to INR 93 crores in FY25. So 
even though the debt is not increasing, but  the interest cost has almost doubled.  So you can 
explain why is it happening?  
Ankit Jain:  Yes, I'll explain that. But continuing to the previous question, which is more about see we are a 
brand which is a national play. And we are able to set up that distribution network, Pan India.  
So that is where it is not direct comparable. Now coming to your question on the interest cost, 
see overall our net debt is INR 560 crores , which is broadly flat across both the years. And gross 
debt has marginally increased if you look at.   
So that is why your interest cost sits in the interest line item. And there is a other income on the 
fixed deposit or the investments goes in the other income part. Having said that, there is an 
additional interest which is being seen because of the multip le assets on lease.  And as per ROU 
accounting, the interest cost on the lease also resides in the interest cost, which over the past two 
years we have invested and got into the operating lease aspects.  
So hence you can see as per the schedules also of the interest cost that largely it has increased in 
the ROU part.  
Ankush Agarwal:  The ROUs are fairly small for us. I think, I don't have the FY25 schedule, but FY24 the increase 
in interest cost is primarily because of other interest expense, which I want to understand what 
it is? 
Ankit Jain:  See other interest expenses are largely related to the bank charges, the lead bank charges, any 
discounting which happens with respect to the receivables. These are all miscellaneous financing   Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
related transaction whereby, for example, if a receivable is 90 day, we can discount it and we 
can get it in advance. So these are charges pertaining to that only.  
Ankush Agarwal:  Okay, fine. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Siddharth Vaid Please go ahead.  
Siddharth Vaid:  Good evening. Just wanted to know on a Y -o-Y basis, there was a marginal decline in the 
EBITDA percentage due to a higher advertisement and promotion spending.  So how are you 
viewing the return on investment on these trends?  
Ankit Jain:  See, first of all , your observation is right. There is a marginal decline and there is a higher Ad 
pro, which we have specifically called out as per our investor presentation. How do we look at 
is more of a return on the Adpro is more on the long term.  So we continue to focus on brand 
building initiatives. That's why we are present across and we are focusing on consumer cheese.  
We are focusing on Avvatar for all the digital campaigns.  There are several campaigns on Pride 
of Cows. All these get reflected in the of course, the overall revenue growth. And that's where 
you see the portion on the skim med milk powder or the ingredient business has declined.  But 
however the other core categories as well as the new age business has done phenomenally well.  
And we are happy to invest behind the brands  and we will stay put on to the strategy for investing 
into the brand. However, we understand and we will be able to we will manage it within a certain 
threshold.  We are not here to go overboard on the expense. And there is a certain plus or minus 
in particular quarters. That is what we overall manage.   
But besides the brand investments, if you look at the gross margins are flat, mainly because of 
the product mix as well as because of the pricing, which we have been able to pass on to the 
consumers.  
Siddharth Vaid:  Makes sense. I hope you guys have a good day. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yash Sinha with MIPL Family Office.  
Please go ahead.  
Yash Sinha:  I wanted to broadly understand the variation in gross margin between the core categories. So 
your core products, your new age products, skim med milk, etc . Just to kind of understand the 
movement quarter -on-quarter in your margins ? 
Ankit Jain:  Yes, Yash, I'm sure you will appreciate that the category wise gross margins 
are core part of the business to operate for the company. And it is maintained at the company 
level. Even if you were to look at the peers or ben chmark, whether Nestle or Marico , you will 
not be able to get the g ross margin at a category level b ecause it is generally the price sensitive 
information.  and of course the company's confidential information. And hence, we would like 
to abstain from sharing.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Yash Sinha:  Okay, that's fair. But would it be a fair assumption to make that given that your value added 
products have grown about 50% year -on-year, would your margins have either stagnated or 
declined marginally, that those entities are currently more of a drag on your margins and the 
profitability is yet to come?  
Ankit Jain:  So there are two aspects. I'll help you understand. One, the core categories have not grow n 50%. 
They have grown 14% year -on-year for the quarter 1. While new age business has grown 57%. 
And hence that has of course contributed to the overall gross margin. But having said that in 
core categories, when there is a commodity push  you will be able to appreciate that whenever 
you pass on certain cost push and whenever, if you are trying to pass on the same quantity, in 
the value terms on a per litre or per kg basis on the same thing, then because of the fraction, the 
overall percentag e margin comes do wn always in an inflation cycle b ecause you tend to pass on 
only the relative cost push, protecting your absolutes.  
So I think that is why you look at, there is the percentage margin drops. But however, with the 
improved profitable mix, I think we have been able to maintain our overall profit margins.  And 
that's why you see the P&L  where it is.  
Yash Sinha:  Got it. And last question is, across our categories, would you be able to share what volume we've 
been able to do through slightly newer age e -commerce channels like Quick  Commerce?  
Ankit Jain:  While we have not given the volumes at a channel level, but just to highlight that our volume 
growth for the core categories was 9% for the quarter 1 and value growth was 14%. So the delta 
5% is nothing but the inflation, which is and hence we see overall 14% growth in the core 
categories. Now coming to your question specifically on the channel, I think channel 
composition is something which has not been specifically shared.  
However, we can update you that overall the total business comprises of B2C and B2B business, 
whereby 65% is a B2C business and 35% is a B2B business. Of course, Quick com is a faster 
growing channel, etc, but we do not share a particular number. See, we have been able to r ide 
on, I'll update you on Quickcom , I think, thanks to Quick com, we have been able to ride on to 
that network.  That's where you see in Pride of Cows, there is a stupendous growth with respect 
to the other portfolio other than the milk, wh ich is ghee, paneer and curd. Similarly, we look at, 
we ha ve launched a travel pack for Avvatar and Avvatar is also listed in Quick com. Similarly, 
you look at paneer as a category which is growing significantly on Quick com.  
So, of course, Quick com has their own advantages whereby so we have to be agile enough to be 
able to ride on to that network and which is the proactive call, I think the company is there across 
the channels. So, it's not that we are not present in any of those channels.  
Yash Sinha:  Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Debashish Neogi  from Aban 
Capital.  Please go ahead.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Debashish Neogi:  Okay. First of all, congratulations to the team, actually . You all have created great brands, which 
is evident.  Now, my question is allow me two minutes to give a context to the question. So, on 
one hand, we are seeing our B2C channel sales is more than two -thirds. Our value -added 
product, our contribution to the tota l revenue again is more than 65%, 70%.  
Now, this compares to Hatsun  of only 30%. While I understand they are regional players and 
we are national pla yers. But in the previous con call, I think Ankit mentioned that our new -age 
business actually has more than double the margin of the base business.  So, my question is, if 
the new -age business is growing and we have a dou ble margin on those businesses.  
Why it is not reflected in the operating margin? Because essentially, it's all about brand. The 
brand is very, very strong.  So, why is it not reflected in the numbers? Is it because there are 
expenses for Pan-India distribution, which is significantly higher and which is not yielding that 
throughpu t which it's supposed to yield o r there are some strategic funding because of which the 
profit is coming down because you're giving at the consolidated  level?  
There could be strategic funding for the new -age business. So, what is it which is not reflecting 
in the number? Because essentially, it's about pricing power.  So, we don't have pricing power in 
the rest of the geography ? 
Ankit Jain:  I would answer each of your questions. See, you started with competition.  See, competition is a 
regional play. Milk has traditionally been a regional play where it is not economical to transport 
water. So, hence, the dynamics on a regional play with respect to EBITDA margins is absolutely 
different versus the national player.  
And that too who spends heavily on the Ad pro, I think make  and focusing on building the brand 
is something a different strategy. So, we are on to maybe you can say a dairy FMCG who wants 
to create brand, build brand with a focus efforts on brand building initiatives. A lso I would like 
to reaffirm what I mentioned in the last call versus this call.  Yes, the gross margins are 
superlative in new -age business and almost double of the average of the company's gross margin. 
However, when we look at the percentage increase is only from 6% to 3%, which would ideally 
trans late to a certain mathematical number. But as I mentioned in the previous question, what 
happens is when we pass on a certain cost push, the cost push is passed.  
When we look at  percentage terms, we are not able to pass on that in percentage terms. It is 
always that the cost push is passed on to the consumers so that the consumers do not take that 
additional beat of the additional margin on the increase in the price. And hence, w e see the mix 
of Q1 is improved product margin offsetted by a marginal decrease in the pricing.  
It is not our ability to command pricing in the market. We are a premium brand when it comes 
to ghee. Today also we are priced significa ntly higher than Amul, maybe INR  100 a litre or 
maybe more than that. And similarly with Patanjali. So, it is our ability to command pricing in 
the market which is evident that we have been able to grow the core categories at the 9% volume 
growth despite a significant price increase.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Maybe just to give you an example, ghee which was priced at MRP of INR 700, now it is priced 
at INR  780 a litre. So, that is the kind of change in the pricing profile which market has been 
able to absorb and despite we have been able to grow. So, again that builds our confidence that 
we are on the right track and we continue to stay focused with brand build ing initiatives. I hope 
that answers.  
Debashish Neogi:  I unde rstand what you are saying Ankit . My question is not with respect to last quarter. I don't 
look at quarter, I am looking at next 3 year to 5 years.  I am seeing as a business and if it is 
FMCG, we are severely, as per me we have very strong brands a nd we are severely undervalued 
because i f you see how the market is seeing it, it is not an FMCG company because otherwise 
our market cap to sales is less than 1. Severely undervalued.   
And we have been talking about that we are professionalizing the company, we are moving from 
a commodity to FMCG, but t he market doesn't believe that because wh y it is not believing? 
Because it is not reflecting in the number.  Why it is not reflec ting in the number? Because of 
two reasons. Because ROE and ROC is lower than competition.   
And it is lower because our is capital intensive. That is one of the reasons. We have biological 
assets on our books.  And the profits are lower. The margins are lower. There my question is, we 
are dealing in brands.  So if we are dealing in brands, why I can understand that we wi ll see some 
time lag in passing  the price increase. I am not talking quarter, I am talking year, I am talking 3 
years. Why the margins are lower  because it doesn't speak about brand power?  
Ankit Jain:  Over the past three years. Yes. So, hi, can you hear me.  
Debashish Neogi:  Yes, I can hear what are you saying Ankit is that. Yes you are audible. I am saying why with the 
value added  products, our margin is so low with market share of 21%, 25%.  
Ankit Jain:  Yes, very much. And let me answer. See there is a conscious effort.  I will apprise you with the 
details. See overall if you look at the past 3 years and then coming 3 years will be separate. So 
in the past 3 years of course our EBITDA margins have improved from 5% to 7% to 8.5% year -
on-year. Largely because, see of course we have been able to grow with 18% CAGR for the past 
3 years. We already have a setup distribution network completely. Because the supply network 
over here is a three  method supply chain f or the wet transport, the cold transportation for cheese 
and the ambient transportation.  Besides the Pan India distribution network, even on the sourcing 
front we are able to capitalize much because our yields for the procurements are improving per 
BMC , etc. So of course the efficiency, as the scale improves, the efficiency is coming and which 
is reflecting in the overall EBITDA margin pro file which is improving year -on-year.  
Our aspiration is also to grow it consistently, move to a double digit and then of course slowly 
enter into the teens category.  So this is what our conscious efforts and as a company we are all 
targeted towards that. So for the next couple of years definitely you will see us moving up the 
ladder from a single digit or a high single digit to at least to a double digit level over the  next 
couple of years. I would say maybe in 12 months  or 18 months  or 24 months.  Not giving a 
specific time frame, but yes that is what our aspiration is to be.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Debashish Neogi:  Fair enough. Good answer, Ankit. So I am not looking at guidelines or I am not looking at 
specific numbers.  So I think the internal aspiration in two years on a ROC point of view should 
be above 20%. That is a fair internal aspiration ? 
Ankit Jain:  Yes. So w ith the improved margin profile, of course, the ROC should significantly improve 
because we have taken again, you will see in the last investor presentation, overall we have 
worked upon reducing the working capital cycle which is again one of the important part of the 
capital employed. So we have pu t in a conscious effort to reduce the overall working capital.  
So that is where we see upliftment in the ROC also in the past three years in the same way as 
the margin profile improves with the same debt. See as you know even with the same credit lines  
that have been in the last five years we have been able to double our turnover with the same 
credit lines. So we have not added genuinely any additional credit lines.  
So besides that if you are able to jump shift it, so hopefully with the improved aspiration for the 
improved EBITDA margin we would be able to jump shift on ROCE as well. But again here we 
are not giving any particular guidance.  
Debashish Neogi:  Yes. I fully understand.  
Moderator:  Debashish sir, may we reques t you to return to the question queue.  
Debashish Neogi:  Thank you very much and all the best.  
Ankit Jain:  Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya  Khandelwal  from Securities 
Investment Management. Please go ahead.  
Aditya  Khandelwal : Yes, hi there. Thanks for the opportunity. So I just wanted to understand how much of our milk 
procurement is through agents and how much is from our own distribution network?  
Rahul Kumar Srivastava : So whatever milk we collect we procure 40% our own and 60% is through agents. And we are 
trying to increase our own milk procurement because we want to have sustainable milk 
procurement with the quality. So we are increasing our own milk procurement.  So right now it 
is 40 -60, 40 our own and 60%.  
Ankit Jain : Also just on a lighter note, both the milk are our own only. From our own network.  
Rahul Kumar Srivastava : Yes, they are same farmers so it's only just method of channelizing.  
Aditya  Khandelwal : And the next question, any reason why we have such a higher share from agents? Because what 
we understand is other players, other listed players majorly procure from their own distribution 
network which gives them an advantage in pricing and also in terms of supply availability. So 
why do we have 60% coming from agent network?    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Rahul Kumar Srivastava : Even if we have what you call it from the other sources, they are just like our own. These parties 
are associated with us since last two, three  decades and they are consistently supplying the milk 
with the quality what we need. So it's not that they are on and off and we keep adding the 
suppliers.  
They are our own suppliers. And then also we are increasing our own milk procurement by 
putting the bulk milk cooler in the villages. But even the other sources also, they are consistent 
suppliers to us with the quality what we want.  So it's just a matter of how we channelize the 
milk.  
Aditya  Khandelwal : Okay. And sir  now I just wanted to understa nd the economics of cheese and W hey. So for 
producing 1 ton of cheese, how much Whey do we get as a by -product?  
Rahul Kumar Srivastava : Yes. So just to give you some rough figure that for making 1 kilo of cheese we need about 9 
liters of milk. And when we make cheese then 90% comes as  a Whey. So that gives you the  
equation of milk to cheese to W hey. So for 1 kilo of cheese you need 9 liters of milk. And when 
you take 9 liters of milk, 90% goes as Whey and 10% as cheese.  
Aditya  Khandelwal : Understood. So now when we are producing our quantity of cheese, so the amount of Whey 
which we are getting, is it now purely sold as Avvatar or there is also some B2B sales of Whey?  
Rahul Kumar Srivasta : Yes. It's a very complicated filtration system which we have a very high technology state -of-
the-art plant. So we keep extracting Whey protein.  Then out of Whey protein we also have 
lactose. So lactose goes to all the pharmaceutical companies as a replacement of the sugar for 
the baby food. And also basically it's all Whey derivatives, what you call it, depending on what 
percentage of protein we have.  
So we can have protein from 28% to 60% to 80% to 90%. And some of that protein is used as 
raw material for Avvatar or it can be sold as B2 B also. But right now because Avvatar  
consumption is increasing, so we consume more of our protein for Avvatar. 
Aditya  Khandelwal  And what would be the rough proportion of the total Whey which you produce?  
Ankit Jain:  Yes, please understand. See institution business is a separate business. Ingredient business split 
we have already shared.  And overall our B2B sales comprises 35%. So we do not get into  
specific in terms of how much W hey do we sell or how much Whey do we consume in -house. I 
hope you appreciate it.  
Aditya  Khandelwal : Sure, sir. Thanks for answering our questions.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Darshil Jhaveri  from Crown Capital.  Please 
go ahead.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  So a lot of my questions have been answered. So just wanted to just get that. I think in the last 
call we were thinking like we have a goal of reaching INR10,000 crores revenue.  So like I don't   Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
want maybe like a short -term guidance, but over the long term we should maintai n our guidance 
like we can grow at 18%, right, sir?  
Ankit Jain:  Yes. Sorry, you want the breakup of 10,000?  
Akshali Shah:  Breakup of 10,000?  
Darshil Jhaveri : No, I was saying that we have an internal target of, I think, reaching INR10,000 crores revenue. 
So wanted to know, is that still, like in a play for the next four years or how do we see our 
revenue growth trajectory, sir?  
Rahul Kumar Srivasta va: This is what we are targeting for next, I would say, next five years from whatever status what 
we have today.  And that is possible bec ause we have all the ingredients  to do that. And that's 
what we have been telling you, the way we are expanding our distribution, the way we are 
building our brands, the way we are creating new categories and value -added products. So all 
these channels are already put into the system.  
And now we have to just take the benefit of all the inputs, what we have done to reach to those 
figures. Of course, we need a lot of milk. For that also we have done a lot of efforts in getting 
more milk from our own system.  So this is possible now.  
Ankit Jain : Yes, see, I would like to add some. Fundamentals have been taken care of.  See, I think we have 
all this while we have worked upon focusing on having the right fundamentals in place , building 
blocks in place, to ensure that  we are geared up for the INR10,000 crore s aspiration. It continues 
to be our aspiration and we are certain that we will be able to achieve it soon.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  Okay. T hat's great to hear, sir.  And I just wanted to know, like, I'm a bit new to the business, so 
I just wanted to know, is there like a seasonality impact for us like because I just wanted to see, 
like qu arter-on-quarter, how does our flow go through or is it similar bus iness? Just wanted to 
chew your brain on that a bit?  
Rahul Kumar Srivastava : Yes, there is a little bit pinch of seasonality. As you know that as a part of the consumer 
community, we know what kind of seasonality is there in our kind of  business. Of course, festive 
seasons have a little bit more  consumption.  That also depends on kind of monsoon we have in 
India and that also drives the consumption post -monsoon because of the farmers have better 
crops and income and all.  
So it all depends on, you know, the seasonality from the point of view of the agriculture 
economy, how it's growing or overall economy is growing, as well as the festival season is 
coming. So in coming season, we know that monsoon is very good in this year . Perhaps this will 
drive more consumption in coming festive seasons.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  Okay.    Parag Milk Foods Limited  
  July 22 , 202 5 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Akshali Shah:  Darshil j ust to add to that, if you see the past three years trend, we've actually done far better in 
the Q2, Q3 and Q4 quarters and we see a lot of growth in numbers during the festive season and 
the winter because of the cheese  consumption goes high.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  Yes, correct. So in general, Q2, Q3 are better than what Q1. Q1 would be the slackest quarter 
for us if that's the fair inference?  
Rahul Kumar Srivastava : You enjoy p izza in December more than June.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  Fair. Yes, that's a very fair  thing. And I know a lot of people have asked about EBITDA and 
you've given a good explanation, but just wanted to know like, in general what would be our 
aspiration  like, where do we see as the business that our EBITDA can reach?  
Ankit Jain:  See, again, thank you for noting on the previous questio ns about answering on the Y -o-Y 
changes in EBITDA. But as I just mentioned in the previous question itself, we are looking at 
our aspiration is, of course, inching up ahead the way we have been inching up from 5 to 7 to 
now 8.5 in the last year. So, of course, this year's target is to, of course, inch up from the previous 
year.  Having said that, we look at, in the medium term, we look at moving, inching up to double 
digits and then getting into teens s lowly. So, that's our aspiration.  
Darshil Jhaveri:  Okay. T hat's really grateful to you. That's it from my side. So, all the best.  Thank you.  
Moderator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question. Ladies and gentlemen, that 
concludes the conference call for Parag Milk Foods Limited for today.  On behalf of Parag Milk 
Foods, thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.  