 
 
Date: July 28, 2025 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532790  National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TANLA  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call for Q1- FY’2 6 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Di sclosure 
Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcript of the Ear nings Call on 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 held on Friday , July  25 , 
2025, at 3:30 PM IST.  
 
The transcript is uploaded on company’s website on below link:  
 
Link:  https://www.tanla.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results  
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
 
Seshanuradha Chava 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
ACS -15519 
 
 
  
 
 
Tanl a Platforms Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 25, 202 5 
 
Call Duration § 37 minutes 
Management  § Ritu Mehta - Head of Investor Relations  
§ Uday Kumar Reddy - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  
§ Deepak Goyal - Executive Director & Chief Business Officer  
§ Abhishek Jain  - Chief Financial Officer  
§ Anubhav Batra,  Chief Financial Officer - Designate  
Participants  that asked 
the questions  § Sambhav Jain - Vardhman Investments  
§ Balaji Subramanian - IIFL Securities Limited  
§ Amit Chandra - HDFC Securities  
§ Ram Tava - Individual Investor  
§ Deepak Chokani - Individual Investor  
§ Bhavin Salva - Individual Investor  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tanla  Platforms' Q1 FY '26 
Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing * then 0 on your touch -tone phone  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta from Tanla Platforms. Thank you. And 
over to you, ma'am . 
 
Ritu Mehta: Good afternoon, and welcome to our Q1 FY '26 earnings c all. Joining us with today 
are Uday Reddy, Founder, Chairman and CEO; Deepak Goyal, Executive Director; 
Abhishek Jain, CFO; and Anubhav Batra, CFO design ate. 
 
                                                        Uday will share his perspectives on business imperatives and st rategic progress 
made. After his opening remarks, we'll be happy to en gage with participants and 
address their questions . 
                                                        Before we start the call, let me draw your attention to the fact that today's 
discussion may feature statements that are forward -looking in nature. All statements 
other than statements of historical fact could be deemed forward -looking in nature. 
Such statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which 
cannot be quantified or predicted. A detailed disclosure in this rega rd is mentioned in 
the results presentation that is uploade d on the website. Audio recording and 
transcript will be available . 
 
I now hand over to Uday for his opening remarks  
 
Uday  Kumar Reddy: Thank you, Ritu. Good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to the call. We 
appreciate you reviewing our investor presentation and shareholders' letter. W e also 
hope you saw our recent announcement about our AI -native platform. This platform 
will be launc hed with a leading Southeast Asian telco in the coming weeks. We are 
excited about this AI -native platform, which uses scalable AI infrastructure and an 
agentic layer. We are developing multiple applications for both telcos and 
enterprises.  
 
Telcos have a vast, valuable but fragmented data, which our platform addresses 
directly. Our platform is deeply embedded within the telco ecosystem, openin g new 
use cases for both telcos and enterprises. Early results are promising, a nd we are 
confident th is deployment is just the start. We're also seeing a strong  momentum in our 
enterprise business, focusing on increasing wallet share, securing new clients and 
becoming the preferred partner in India's OTT space, supporting our goal of 20%  
EBITDA CAGR growt h over the next two years.  
 
For Q1  FY26, we delivered our second consecutive quarter of revenue growth, w ith the 
revenue up 1.6% on quarter -on-quarter, 3.8% on year -on-year to ₹1,041 crores and a 
PAT of ₹118 crores. We also announced a ₹175 crores buyback, bringing our total 
shareholder return to nearly ₹1,000 crores over the past five years through dividends 
and buybacks, all while maintaining a  zero -debt  balance sheet.  I would like to 
welcome Anubhav as our new CFO and  also would like to thank Abhishek Jain for his 
contribution. We wish him all the best.  Now, let us move to Q&A. The management and 
I are ready for your questions. Ritu : 
  
Abh ishek Jain: We can open up for the questions . 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question -and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may press * and 1 on their touch -tone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question q ueue, you may press *  
 
and 2. Participants are requested to be use their handset while asking a quest ion. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while  the question queue 
assembles. Our first question comes from the line of Sambhav Jain from  Vardhman 
Investments. Please go ahead . 
 
Sambhav Jain: Good evening respected members. Congratulations on your  recent performance and 
results, considering it was quite a challenging environme nt for most of the companies 
during this phase. And we've managed to get decent numbers while maintaining 
business as us ual. I just have a simple question on ValueFirst as to -- when will we be 
able to see ValueFirst numbers reflecting? And is there some delay regarding approv als 
or regulatory matters as to why we are not able to get the numbers of ValueFirst 
because it's b een a while since we've been trying that. So, just wanted to get some 
insight as to when we could expect ValueFirst numbers also coming in?  
  
And my second question would be, since SBI started in the beginni ng of the quarter, 
SBI business, do the current numbers reflect SBI's business fully baked in or it's jus t a bit 
of SBI's business on our top line? That's it for me. Thanks.  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Thanks, Sambhav. This is Abhishek here. So, on your second question, right, SBI deal, 
as I said, it's a continuity of our services, and we got the renewal of the RP F again this 
term. This is effective 1st April, so the volumes that we see is for the full quarter, both 
in terms of the gross profit and the revenue topline. So, we should not  see any 
incremental d elta because of those. Of course, some volumes here and there would 
have a quarter variation , but it impacts from the first day of the quarter  
 
 On your first question, we have completed the acquisit ion of ValueFirst India and 
ValueFirst Singapore. The other global companies of VF, while we intend to acquire, is 
pending RBI approval. We are working with them and clarifying all the questi ons that 
they have. We had earlier called out a date. We don't want to call out the date 
because really the ball is not with us. As soon as we get any update or cl arifications 
as to when we are going to go ahead, we'll keep you guys posted . We are clarifying 
with al l the questions that we are getting. So, we are hopeful that it should ha ppen in 
some time. But right now, it's difficult to give us the  date on when the global 
acquisition will happen.  
 
Sambhav Jain: Thank you.  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Balaji from IIFL. Please  go ahead.  
 
Balaji Subr amanian: Thanks for taking my questions. In your opening remarks, you talked about 20% 
revenue CAGR over two years. So, what is the visibility on  this? So, I can see that you 
have signed three new deals rather. One is the AI -native platform deal and there are 
two other MaaP deals as well. So, just to get some colour,  how much will these two 
deal wins help towards achieving your 20% revenue CAGR. So once this questi on is 
answered, I'll come back with my follow -up. 
  
 Abh ishek Jain: Thanks, Balaji. Just to clarify to you and to all, what we said was we aspire to grow at 
20% CAGR from an EBITDA perspective. Of course, there has to be a to p line growth, 
which would convert back to EBITDA and PAT. But what we are telling our aspiration 
is more from an EBITDA, CAGR growth for two years.  
 
And just to clarify on where we see things little promising at this stage is that if you see 
from last two quarters, it's a good last two consecutive quarters  of growth. We see 
some momentum back. If I have to call out from an ente rprise business, we conti nue to 
win new logos. We continue to mine the accounts that we are in and continue to win  
 
market share in our existing business and overall wa llet share, if we have to call out 
from an India domestic enterprise business perspective . 
                                                          
We have also done our deals in the last couple of we eks in one, two quarters -- last 
couple of months on two large deal wins. One was AI -native platform, which we have 
talked a bit detail yesterday and day before yesterday. I thi nk that's a good deal that 
we have won, and we believe that we will go live by firs t week or sometime mid -August, 
that will start generating revenue and profit from quarter two onward s. Similarly, our 
MaaP platform, which we have deployed with the two large telcos outside India shou ld 
go live soon in coming weeks. That should also start giving us a revenu e share from a 
market perspective.  
 
And third, in general, our global business, even from an enterpri se perspective is 
doing well. So, these are the opportunities that we see ourselves, which gi ves us the 
confidence that will help for us to aspire the numbers that we have laid  out at the 
beginning of the quarter  
 
And of course, just to clarify to all that, it's not a guidance, right? It is an aspiration 
that all of the management team has come together. And to be honest, we are 
putting pressure on ourselves because we are taking the str etch  target to achieve 
this. So, it's kind of a little bit of forward -looking statement, but this is the aspiration 
that management is driving towards, achieving that goal in the next two years in 
terms of CAGR  
 
Uday  Kumar Reddy:          Yes. Absolutely . 
 
Balaji Subr amanian: Actually, I have two more, if I have the time. So, one is t hat this ILD revenue 
contribution. So, the volumes were falling because of the price hikes that the y were 
taken and there was migration that was happening to OTT cha nnels, so is it fair to 
say that the entire ILD -led drag is now behind? And what would be the proportion of 
ILD as a percentage o f your enterprise revenue or consolidated revenue?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: So, if you ask me, I think ILD revenue has been pretty consistent for last one, tw o 
quarters now. It is higher single -digit from a revenue contribution perspective and 
lower single -digit from a gross margin contribution perspective. So, it's not a 
signific ant number for us now. So, I don't see any major impact from an ILD 
perspective in near future for us  
 
Balaji Subr amanian: Got it. And the last question is on the platform reve nue. So, I can see that from 3Q 
levels, the platform revenues are down in 4Q as well as 1Q . While I do understand that 
there is a bit of seasonality, but is it fair to say that this i s down despite the S BI deal 
now contributing from April? So, if that is the case, is there any legacy deal that is 
coming off? Or how should one look at these numbers?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: So, SBI deal is largely on enterprise side. Of course, we do have a revenue share and 
few things. So, there could be a gap in last one, two quarters from a platform 
business perspective I would say. I don't think so we have lost any l arge or any of the 
deals from the platform side. Rather, we believe we are very strongly placed at this 
stage. And basis th e last two announcements and the commentar y that I just made 
in terms of RCS platform going go live from a global perspective as well as  our AI-
native platform launch from current quarter, I think platform business l ooks really 
promising. So, I would say it was a blip and a small minor drop in the l ast two 
quarters. No major customer exits or no major business that has fall of f. 
 
Balaji Subr amanian: Got it. Thanks,  and all the best.  
  
Abh ishek Jain: Thank you.  
                                                       
 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Chandra from HD FC 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Amit Chandra: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the enterprise growth. So, 
most of the growth of the enterprise is being now dr iven by the OTT revenue. As the 
OTT revenue, there is still the enterprise ex of OTT has been declining both 
sequential ly and Y -o-Y over the last three quarters now. So, this decline is despite of 
the new deals that we have signed in this quarter and those  ramping up. So, it's not 
reflecting in terms of the enterprise revenue. So how to read thi s? And do we e xpect 
increase in the enterprise revenue, which is ex of the OTT from here o n? 
  
And also on the pricing front, both on the WhatsApp pricing and the te lco pricing, 
domestic -led telco pricing, what is the view? And what are the chan ges in the pricing 
that has happened in the recent past? Also, in terms of the m argins, what we have 
been seeing is that the margin has been dragging downwards. So, obviously, there has 
been investment that has been going on to the international expansion. But still, most 
of the newer deals that we are getting, are these deals at a very low margin?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Sure. Thanks, Amit. I think it's a lot of questions. So, I'll take a shot f irst, and then I'll 
request Deepak to add to what I missed. I think it would b e unfair in this era to see our 
enterprise business ex of OTT, right? We all are pivoting. We are talki ng about AI. We 
are talking about smart communications and so forth. And hence, keeping OT T 
channel out would be a little unfair in some sense, right?  
 
But having said that, what we see from an enterprise SMS -- purely SMS perspective is 
that  A, the volume continues to grow; B, we continue to win new RFPs and wallet share, 
as I said; and three, it's not reflecting on the revenue stream because of  the price 
sensitivity, right? We have seen a lot of price aggressivene ss with our competition. 
Maybe some of those have settled, but ther e are still players, one or two, which are a 
little bit competitive, which has eroded our realisation versus the volum e growth.  
 
There is a volume growth, but because of the price realisation being low er, we see 
that's not reflected in our SMS business as we speak. Howe ver, we feel very confident 
with the mix of OTT and the domestic SMS and internati onal business with the mix of 
business that we have in the plan. We have earlier called out that we will be happy in 
operating our operating margin or gross margin of 25% to 26%. But with the new 
ambition that we have set for ourselves, I think it has to slowly improve from here on to 
mee t our EBITDA targets as well, right?  
 
I think the new deals, I would say it is competitive, but it's n ot coming at a very 
unreasonable pricing at least the last couple of wins. But, of course, it's  a price -
sensitive market from a domestic SMS perspective, which co ntinues to be there . 
 
And from a WhatsApp perspective, I think WhatsApp continues to do ver y well. I think 
both WhatsApp, RCS, and TrueCaller , all three other channels from an OTT perspective 
is contributing for the growth. And I think they will continu e to be a good stream of 
growth even going forward . 
Deepak, do you think do you want to add anything?  
 
Deepak Goyal: Yeah. Abhishek, actually, you have answered everything. But yes, just to add to 
whatever you said. So, Amit, it's like this, when we go to the customer, we offe r 
omnichannel experience. When I say omnichannel, it is SMS. It is all the OTT channels , 
that is RCS, WhatsApp, even TrueCaller , right? E -Mail, voice, everything has been it's 
a bouquet of services are offered to the customer. And basically,  the use cases, we, 
along with our customer decide, which channel to choose now because we hav e 
multiple channels available.  
  
 
So definitely, some traffic has moved from SMS to OTT channels because of a better 
user experience. Let's say, for example, I'll just give you an example, let's  say, earlier 
when you send a message, SMS, this is your payment re minder, right? Now if you sen d 
the same message via WhatsApp or RCS, you can attach the PDF bill also, okay . You 
can, in fact, give them a payment button also. So, the entire transaction can be done 
immediately, right .  
 
It is far more easy for the customer to do that trans action. It's good for enterprise also. 
So that way, wherever we see it's a better use case, we move that particular use case 
to the OTT, right? So, this is how it has been done. And as I said, when we go  to the 
customer, we say, we are here to enhance your user experience, right? So, that is the 
buzzword today. And we'll be continuously working on that space.  
 
 
Amit Chandra: Okay. So, just a follow -up on that, Deepak. So do we see the volume shifting from the 
traditional SMS channel to the OTT because after the pricing reset or the pricing 
changes in the WhatsApp, it has become even cheaper or even competitive to the 
tradition al SMS now. So earlier, most of the enterprises, larger ones, they were usi ng all 
the channels, SMS, WhatsApp at the same time for communica tion with the clients. Do 
you see a case where they choose only WhatsApp and don't choose SMS and we s ee 
a cannibalisation of our SMS revenues to WhatsApp?  
 
Deepak Goyal: So, I tell you, if you really see, effectively, WhatsApp utility price, we call it utility, 
which is transactions, right . It has not come down, okay . Because earlier, WhatsApp 
was offering a 24 -hours window where an enterprise could send unlimited messages, 
okay? Let's say earlier, the price was maybe ₹0.12 paise or ₹0.13 paise  for a 
WhatsApp message, but with a 24 -hours window. And most of our enterprises, they 
send more than two messages to one number  in 24 -hour window, okay? So, they 
have reduced the price maybe by 20%. But now it is just like SMS. They charge per 
transaction, right . 
 
So effectively, price has not come down. In fact, it has gone up, if you really see. So,  
this is how it is. And as I said -- so as far as price is concerned, that is not an issue at 
all. But as I said, there are definitely use cases where for a better user  experience, 
customers would move to WhatsApp,  and they are moving. By the same time, the 
overall number of transactions are going up. So, SMS volumes are also growing, just 
like that. Okay.  
 
Amit Chandra: And lastly, on the margin front, obviously, you have an aspiration of  20% EBITDA CAGR. 
But is it mostly top line driven? Or we also see margin expansion happening from here 
on because margins right now are like multi -quarter low?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: So, I'll take that, Amit. So, if you see from last couple of quarters, I've been highlighting 
that we have been investing in go -to-market in building up new platforms in 
upgrading our technologies and so forth. And if you see each line item of our 
expenditure has gone up despite reven ue being flattish. I think that was a conscious 
call by the management team. Both Uday, Deepak and other leaders have taken this 
conscious call on making those investments.  Having said that, it would be a 
combina tion of both. The top line has to grow. But at the same time,  the efficiency 
has to kick in, right, in terms of for example, all the investments tha t we made, 
whether it be from a go -to-market perspective on AI -native deal, an example, the 
revenue stream s hould start immediately as we speak, right, from next week as we go 
live. Similarly, the RCS platform that we have deployed outside India has go ne 
through a lot of GTM investments that should also start deploy ing. And these are just 
a couple of examples that I'm giving. So, I would say it would be a combinat ion of 
both the top line growth as well as efficiency -driven gross margin improvement and 
indirect costs.  
  
 
Amit Chandra: Okay. So  are we going back to 18% to 19%? Or is it fair to assume that we mov e back 
to the previous range? Or it will be more like a gradual ki nd of a move in terms of 
margins?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Amit, if I have to achieve EBITDA of 20% CAGR, you are smart enou gh to do math 
even better than me. So, I can only say that we have aspired and given a bold 
decision, taken a bold decision, and it's already facing a lot of tremendous pr essure 
internally. S o, we'll stick by that right now and put our almighty to achieve that.  
 
Amit Chandra: Okay, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. And all th e best.  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ram Tava  with Equinox Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Ram  Tava: Yeah, good afternoon,  all. So, this is pertaining to the AI -native platform, which you 
have disclosed during the AGM in the recent past, right? So, I just want t o understand 
what is the industry benchmark for ARPU, not necessa rily for Tanla, but broadly across 
the market, what  is the kind of ARPU we can expect from this kind of AI -native tool?  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : Hi, Ram, Uday here. So, the way we have closed the deal with the telco is we get paid 
per user per month. So it is more of a subscription model, okay? So, we have closed the 
deal for 3.5 years and starting from, I mean, this quarter onwards.  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : No, no, I understood your question. All I'm trying to say is we are deploying -- I mean, 
basically, let me explain a bit about the platform and the solution that w e are trying to 
build on top of this AI -native platform, okay . So, this platform is basically AI -native 
platform, which is being deployed as part of the core network, okay . What  I mean by 
that is like, we will have access to the entire data of this  telco of the users and the 
enterprises and so on and so forth. Then once we gather this data into AI -native 
platform, which is sitting as part of the core AI layer, data layer.  
 
And we are building the solutions on top of the AI platform, okay . The first solution is 
going to go live, okay, wherein we sign this solution for the next 3. 5 years wherein we 
get paid per user per month. So, it is more of a subscription model, okay . 
 
The second is like, as and when we launch some more applications, which we a re 
planning to launch some more applications in the next one-year  time, we get paid 
separately for that solution again. So, it has nothing to do with the ARPU, okay? It is 
more to do with the subscription fees that we're bei ng paid every month for the next 
3.5 years, sorry. Ram  am I clear . 
 
Ram  Tava: Yes, you are clear. And this AI -native platform when compared to other existing 
competitors in this space, how different it is and what are the key ent ry barriers or 
moats that you can expect of? I remember you were sayi ng during the AGM that 
there is no c ompetition for this product subjective to correction. I don't firmly 
remember like you made that statement. But I want to understand  the moat and 
what kind of a competition we have in this space.  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : Ram, the way I look at this, I think I would like to do one more call, probably or we will 
come out with one more announcement once the platform goes live. I don't wa nt to 
hide that from this esteem customer. I want them to speak, this is goi ng to be a maj or 
announcement, okay? So, you'll get to see the announcement coming from th e 
customer directly.  Probably they should be able to explain well. And probably around 
second week or around 10th of August, we should also give  you some update o n this 
platform. So, I would like to leave it here now, but we are very, very ex cited about this 
platform .  
 
 
Ram  Tava: Okay. So, pertaining to this MaaP platform, you are saying that you have 
implemented this MaaP for Google RCS in India. Or is it confined only to India o r it's 
across the globe?  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : No. So, the platform that we won is with the Indosat telcos. There are three telcos in 
Indonesia. Indosat, Telkomsel and Axiata, okay . So, we closed the deal with two telcos, 
which is Telkomsel and Indosat. Telkomsel represents  around 52% and Indosat 
represents around 25%. The remaining is with Axiata. Googl e has not closed the deal 
with Axiata so far. I hope they will close a deal with  Axiata very soon. Once Google 
closes the deal, we also would like to go and close or deploy our platform. Then once 
we close the deal with Axiata, we should be able to go live. So, we're just eagerly 
waiting for Google to close with Axiata, which is the t hird operator.  
 
Ram  Tava: Okay. I'm referring to the other one actually. The Maa P platform, you are saying that 
from 10 million users, it got increased to a few billions du ring the AGM you are saying 
that is where RCS. Is it in India?  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : Ram, it is basically from India. Yes.  
 
Ram  Tava: India. And so, any plans to replicate it across the globe for Google with other countries 
or it's just confined to India itself?  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : This is what I just told you like. So, the one I referred to about the traffic is from India, 
okay? And meanwhile, we went ahead and deployed the same platform with 
Indonesian two operators. We are yet to close out with t he third operator. But once we 
close the third operator, we will have 100 % revenue market share with Indonesia. So, 
the one I'm referring to is the two things. One, 10 billion o r 8 billion traffic that I'm talking 
about per month is from India. Another one, the platform, the deployment we are 
referring to is Indonesia. So that is to go live sometime in the quarter.  
 
Ram  Tava: There's potential to replicate to other countries also in the future?  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : Obviously, yes, because Indonesia is a separate depl oyment, and we can do the same 
thing with other operators in other countries, yes.  
 
Ram  Tava: Wonderful, thank you. Thank you so much. That's it a ll from my side  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deepak Chokhani with Rage 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Deepak Chokhani: Hi, Uday. Thank you for this opportunity. I have two questio ns. First is how confident 
are we of achieving the 20% EBITDA growth numbers? And will it largely be back -
ended towards the end of the year or broadly equally spread over the next three 
quarters? So, that's my first question.  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : Deepak, yeah, go ahead with other questions.  
 
Deepak Chokhani: Yeah. The next question is what other geographies are we planning to other than India, 
Middle East and Southeast Asia? Are we planning to en ter any other geographies for 
now? That's it from my side. Thanks.  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : But Deepak, in terms of other geographies, I think we would like to quickly consolidat e 
in Indonesia. That's where we're going live with our MaaP plat form. And we are also 
planning to set up an office there in this quarter. So, we are investin g in Indonesia in a 
big way, okay? We have recruited people, and we are planning to open the office  
 
there. So, we are betting big on Indonesia to start with, oka y? So at least we would like 
to see how it goes with Indonesia next two quarters, quarter tw o and quarter three 
before you look at another geography. So, that's number one.  
  
Number two, the 20% CAGR growth, yes, we have a solid plan fro m this quarter, Q2 
onwards. You will see the growth. You'll see the numbers kicking off from Q2 onwards . 
So, I think we should be able to throw some more light during Q2 call, Deepak. So, I 
woul d like to leave it there.  
 
Deepak Chokhani: Perfect, sir. Thank you.  
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavin Salva with BK Corporation . 
Please go ahead.  
 
Bhav in Salva: Congratulations to Tanla team on the new deployment a nd new beginning. I would just 
like to know about buyback. A basic thing, how do we cons ider that? Are we going to 
go like open for market buybacks or tendering? So, why did we consider tender an d 
not th e market buyback?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Thanks, Bhavin. Open market offer is no more there as part of the regula tions. And 
hence, we have gone ahead with the tender route. The window would be open 
between 29th to 4th of August. And post that, within one week or around t hat time 
frame, the cash d isbursements will happen. We should send out the e -mail soon in 
terms of the entitlement and so forth and providing all the deta ils in this e -mail. So, 
that's the details from buyback perspective.  
 
Bhav in Salva: But is it tax -friendly after the new guidelines came for the income tax?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: So, it will depend on the purchase price and the effective ta x rate for the respective 
individual. So definitely, it doesn't make sense.  
 
Bhav in Salva: It doesn't. It doesn't. 
 
Abh ishek Jain: No, no.  
 
Bhav in Salva: That's what I'm telling that have you gone through the new guidelines before putting 
in buyback because your buying price is not considered o nly. It is only the money which 
you get in your account. The full money is considered as your income and you have t o 
pay income tax on the full amount. That's the reason buybacks have stopped,  and we 
are talking that our buying price is considered. So, have you gone through this?  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Yeah. We have gone through it. Basis is the portfolio of shareholders and mix of 
shareholders that we have and the premium that we have given basis the spot price. 
At the price of the announcement, there was a very clear del ta and the premium that 
we offer ed. Any buyback, whether the pre -regime or now, it depends on what the 
investor is looking for, right? They are with the company for the EPS g rowth and so 
forth.  
 
Moderator: Yes, sir. Please go ahead.  
 
Abh ishek Jain: Okay. Basis the current mix of shareholders and their  average buying price and 
others, I think basis our evaluation, it does make sense to a good proportion of our 
shareholders' base  
 
Bhav in Salva: I would request if you can share your calculations and all, because I think  there is a 
big mistake as last time also before a few years, I had told that we had calc ulated 
that our money was in liquid fund, but it was not in liqui d funds. It was in debt fun ds,  
 
which we had lost it. And this time also seems that t here is some mistake. Please 
check it out and do give me the calculations of what we had done. I'll b e very happy 
to get it.  
 
Abh ishek Jain: No issues. I'm happy to clarify that. I don't believe there  is any mistake. We have 
evaluated through our merchant bankers as well.  
 
Uday  Kum ar Reddy : And Kotak is our merchant banker, right? So, we have done a lot of m eetings with them.   
 
Abh ishek Jain: But we are happy to get into the call with you and clarify. Thanks . 
 
Bhav in Chaw la: Great, thanks. We're waiting for call. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the 
participants, I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta for clos ing comments.  
. 
 
 
Ritu Mehta: Thank you, everyone. In case you have any other questions, you can reach out to 
Investors helpdesk. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Tanla Platforms Limited, that concludes this confer ence. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, alth ough an effort has been made to ensure high level o f 
accuracy.  